Transfer v1 changes (#514)
comcode-org/hackmud_wiki: docs/upgrades/scavenger/transfer_v1.mdx

## Behavior

> Once transfer_v1 has been loaded, ((%5sys%)).((%2xfer_gc_from%)) can be used to target a breached system for a fee of ((%11%))((%2M%))((%1500%))((%NK%))((%0GC%)) or ((%12.5%))((%1%%)) of the amount being taken, whichever is higher.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once transfer_v1 has been loaded, [[sys.xfer_gc_from:((sys.xfer_gc_from))]] can be used to target a breached system for a fee of ((%1M500KGC%)) or ((%12.5%))((%1%%)) of the amount being taken, whichever is higher.
```

Author: The suggested change to the coloring of the GC string here breaks it completely according to my testing. What was the intended change there?

Author: ![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/c589b6ec-f08e-44f5-a48e-33054ea136ba)

Reviewer: sorry i am washed. the correct autocoloring for GC strings involves removing the %'s. should be a valid suggestion now :p

If the target system does not have enough GC to transfer the full amount, the script will return an error.
If the upgrade is on cooldown, an error containing the remaining cooldown time will be displayed upon execution attempt.

> ((%5sys%)).((%2xfer_gc_from%)) can be executed using the following syntax:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[[sys.xfer_gc_from:((sys.xfer_gc_from))]] can be executed using the following syntax:
```
